Hello everybody and welcome to this tutorial.
Today I will open up a chapter on how to stay anonymous
So there's several ways, several methods that you can use
first off, you probably heard about these things, they are proxies
So you are just routing your connection throught several
different points althought this can be very
slow depending on the speed of the proxies
elsewhere, and you also know nothing
of the other site, you know nothing of the
servers through which your packets are
going
so that can be risky
but then again, if you're just scanning something
If you're using Nmap to footprint a newtork
why do you care?
It's not of importance.
However, if you're using proxies to log in somewhere or pass credentials
or something of a kind
that is potentially dengerous and you should not do that
I mean, quite literally you shouldn't do it
The other option is to use some sort of VPNs
and to encrypt your traffic betweten you and the VPN service provider.
Now these things can be very fast, depenending on which one you have.
So you can just pay for a service out there
A yearly subscription is like a hundred and something bucks
A monthly suscription is like ten bucks.
You get a dedicated VPN static IP adress.
So you can do a lot of stuff
and they can be very very very fast.
Furthermore your traffic is encrypted, as I said.
and the only way that somebody can figure out that you are doing something somewhere
is if the VPN service provider actually relinquishes your information.
However this does not happen that often.
This is very difficult to attain, especially if you get a VPN in certain parts of the world
where they just generally don't give these sort of information out
but I woudln't recommend doing that for white hat hacking
primarily because they isn't need to stay anonymous to that extent.
What we are going to be using VPN and proxies mainly for
or what they are mainly used for in the world today, I would say anyway
this is just my personal opinion
is to bypass firewall settings or firewall limitations, should I say.
So here's a real-life example
that people are using pretty much on daily basis.
Netflix, for example, has a certain range of IP adresses from which it allows connections.
So if you are elsewhere in the world and you don not belong to that IP adress range
it will not allow you to view anything on the site
it will not allow you to see movies or something of a kind.
However, if you use a proxy
a good one
or if you use a VPN
you will be access to site as through you were coming from the country
which falls within the IP adress range list
So that's just one of the common examples, what people have been doing
It's not exactly harmful or something like that.
You're not taking servers down or anything of a kind
but people have been using it in order to be able to watch Netflix from, I don't know
from a cell phone when they're traveling or something like that
In any case, there are numerous other examples
when you want to bypass certain firewall settings.
Primarily you bypass the IP range list which are allowed to access a certain server or something like that
Also, for example, if you had a certain server who's traffic is mainly generated from these single area
from a single country
and you do not want to be, for example, scanning it from an IP address that belongs to the area in China
or something like that, because those IP adresses look very differently.
I mean, of course they're withing the same
but any network administrator, as soon as they see that IP address of that kind
that is far away from their geographical area
they will know that it's an anomaly of some sort that doesn't belong there
and they will be intrigued, they will start looking
So that is not something you want happening to you.
You want to be accessing the server from where all the other users are accessing it from
in order to hide yourself in the mass.
In any case, that is what we should be doing in this chapter
and a few other things but for the time being, for this tutorial
I want to show you how you can actually access the dark web
or the hidden web, whichever way you wish to refer to it.
Now the rumor is that the dark web is a lot bigger than your regular internet.
There's a lot more information there
and I use it's resources
a lot of people do.
There are some very nice forums where you can get a lot of good stuff.
So I would definitely recommend trying it out
and at some point in time, you will need it.
For that, you will need to install a tor browser
and with tor browser, you will be able to access dark net
Now it's not installed by default on Kali
and this is one of those rare occasions and rare situations
where we will actually need a different user other than root
in order to be able to do anything with tor
in order to be able to start it.
So first off, I'm going to go ahead and create a new user.
So just open up your virtual machine.
You see mine is already opened up here.
I'm just changing the size of it.
You can see it's virtual machine
and I have my terminal up and running here.
I can close it and reopen it.
There you go
Just open up your tegular terminal and type in the following
So first off, we need tor.
I will explain what tor is in a moment
but you just type in "apt - get install tor -y"
and press ENTER
With this command that I am highlighting at the moment
tor will install, no problems in Kali
as long as you have an active internet connection.
It is not installing here because I already have it installed.
Yep, there we go
It says "tor is already the newest version"
So it is already installed.
It is the newest version.
I have deliberately skipped all the entire verbose installation
primarily because you're not going to see anything useful at the moment
and it's gonna waste quite a bit of time.
So just type in this command.
You will not be prompted for any question for any questions because of the -y argument
and installation will go through, no problems.
Let me just go ahead and clear the screen.
Now the next things that we need to do is actually create that user that I have been talking about.
So just go ahead and type in the command "adduser"
Just the keynote here -- There was also a command "useradd"
Do not use this command for the time being
primarily because I have discovered that it causes some unnecessary complications
which tend to hinder us along the way
Just go ahead and type "adduser"
and now you can name your user whatever you want.
You cannot use capital letters, if I remember correctly.
That is the rule in debian systems.
So I'm just gonna call my user "test"
My user will be test
and there we go
Now it says "adding user test", "adding new group test"
"adding new user test", "adding new user test with group test"
That's pretty much what has happened here.
It has created a home directory for that user.
It already exists
Letting you know I have created previously
but I have deleted it, just to make sure there are no mistakes in this tutorial
but it doesn't matter
It will say here that the home test directory has been created
and that you will be able to use it.
You do need this folder, primarily because we're going to be doing stuff there.
which you cannot do with root.
Go ahead and type in your password here.
It doesn't show anything when you type.
That's the standard way of Unix passwords
in order to prevent anybody from seen the length of the password in the screen.
Very nice
So press Enter
Now you are prompted here for some information in regards to that user
Completely irrelevant for our porpouse today.
So we do not want to type in full name, room number
work phone, home phone, other
Don't care
Is this information correct? Sure, why not?
Press Enter, and there we go
We have just effectively created our new user test, to which we need to log
and then from there, conduct our work.
Now a key thing to note here is that, even though there is a way of configuring the tor browser to run as root
it's not simple, but there is a way
do not do that.
I mean, it's not even good idea to browse the internet as root user.
If you pick any sort of viruses up, any sort of maliciuos code,
it's going to run as root.
So you don't want that on your system
You do not want to compromise it in such a way
and generally, on the machine that you re performing these tasks
like this virtual machine of Kali Linux
you don't really use it to browse the internet.
For the sake of examples, I sometimes open the browser Firefox basically
and do some stuff there, just to show you the information
or, as you've seen now, I have downloaded, I have downloaded from a very specific site...
actually not now, but in a few moments you will
I will download from a very specific site a tor browser.
So just when you know exactly what you're doing and where are you getting it from
and when you have verficiation of the source
then you should use it as root, or you can use it as root
but otherwise, do not browse the internet as a root user.
That's a bad idea.
However, we will mainly use this user for our tor browser
otherwise, we'll be using the root user
primarily because you can do pretty much anything in Kali without the root user.
All the tools, more or less, require these sort of root permissions.
as they do tend to access network related things.
Anyway, I will cut the tutorial here and I'll see you in the second part of it.